hi girls i want you to make a video
on the stylized rose
dinner wants to do on this type
that yesterday I tried to make the effect
trail of site marks and I want to do it
for dinner nails because I can see them
yesterday he is trying to do today
precisely the rose is stylized and has some
of difficulty in this regard
and here I show him a little how
I do it
then I always use brush two
as I have already told you many times
I immerse the tip right into the
color I am using acrylic color
then white begins
I'm trying to move a little bit
camera because the frame was not
very correct then always started with
the tip of the brush and I make a
small central semicircle in this
so then with the tip of the brush a lot
I turn around slightly then slightly
crush the back up with the tip
and I do the same thing below
so always with the tip of the brush
light from you that I have to take some
color then always with the tip of the
light brush crushes and then comes back
up and then I go on
slight crushes
slight crush and try to hug
the other petal
lightly crush the other one
petal
I do still light weight
another a little smaller always the
small circle in the middle of the tip
always light fair crushed
light crush to light crush
happy was
I hope you see light beer a
crushed the retreat
and turns crush of the fair I make one
more still here a little
little girl always the little circles know
tip crush toe crush tip
crush and point again
toe pusher tip drives out
I made some bit leaflets
crush shooting to the tip wire crushes
to make the double leaflet open to
center then came a little closet but there
I do another like that so I do
see how it's done
it's still
you have confidence i hope it rises well
rocco tip
drug store tip
make two regular and clean flights
crush and tip bit sorry tip
crush tip and point tip crush
says tip crush
I press the tip remained little placed
on a little community I crush the tip
tip crush and tip
now boy is finished the mail art I go
to put gloss
this is the result because you like it
and the next hello